If we know the loop length, we can easily find
the starting point of the loop using this approach
So first declare two pointers ptr1 and ptr2
initialise both ptr1 and ptr2 to
point the head of the linked list
Now find length of the loop
That logic is discussed in the previous video
So here the loop length is four.
Now move ptr2 to 4 positions ahead
After that keep incrementing ptr1 and ptr2 until
they meet.
Since ptr2 is four steps ahead, when both ptr1
and ptr2 meet, ptr2 must have
completed one loop.
So the meeting point will be the starting point of
the loop.
So using this logic you can find the starting point
of linked list loop